docs: edit post title (#3117)
neondatabase/website: content/guides/neon-mcp-server.md

---

> title: 'Get started with Neon MCP server and Claude Desktop'

Author: ```suggestion
title: 'Get started with Claude Desktop and Neon MCP Server'
```
